readme.md, before:

﻿![Build Status](https://gitlab.com/pages/nikola/badges/master/build.svg)

---

Example [nikola] website using GitLab Pages.

Learn more about GitLab Pages at https://pages.gitlab.io and the official
documentation http://doc.gitlab.com/ee/pages/README.html.

---

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [GitLab CI](#gitlab-ci)
- [Building locally](#building-locally)
- [GitLab User or Group Pages](#gitlab-user-or-group-pages)
- [Did you fork this project?](#did-you-fork-this-project)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## GitLab CI

This project's static Pages are built by [GitLab CI][ci], following the steps
defined in [`.gitlab-ci.yml`](.gitlab-ci.yml):

```
image:python:3.5
pages:
  script:
  - pip install "nikola[extras]"
  - nikola build
  artifacts:
    paths:
    - public
```


## Building locally

To work locally with this project, you'll have to follow the steps below:

1. Fork, clone or download this project
1. [Install][] Nikola
1. Generate the website: `nikola build`
1. Preview your project: `nikola serve`
1. Add content

Read more at Nikola's [documentation][].

## GitLab User or Group Pages

To use this project as your user/group website, you will need one additional
step: just rename your project to `namespace.gitlab.io`, where `namespace` is
your `username` or `groupname`. This can be done by navigating to your
project's **Settings**.

Read more about [user/group Pages][userpages] and [project Pages][projpages].

## Did you fork this project?

If you forked this project for your own use, please go to your project's
**Settings** and remove the forking relationship, which won't be necessary
unless you want to contribute back to the upstream project.

## Troubleshooting

1. CSS is missing! That means two things:

    Either that you have wrongly set up the CSS URL in your templates, or
    your static generator has a configuration option that needs to be explicitly
    set in order to serve static assets under a relative URL.

[ci]: https://about.gitlab.com/gitlab-ci/
[nikola]: https://getnikola.com/
[install]: https://getnikola.com/getting-started.html
[documentation]: https://getnikola.com/documentation.html
[userpages]: http://doc.gitlab.com/ee/pages/README.html#user-or-group-pages
[projpages]: http://doc.gitlab.com/ee/pages/README.html#project-pages

Commit message:

Updated readme and build script
Made the indentation consistent in the build
script, and explained the [extras] flag in
the readme.

readme.md, after:

﻿![Build Status](https://gitlab.com/pages/nikola/badges/master/build.svg)

---

Example [nikola] website using GitLab Pages.

Learn more about GitLab Pages at https://pages.gitlab.io and the official
documentation http://doc.gitlab.com/ee/pages/README.html.

---

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [GitLab CI](#gitlab-ci)
- [Building locally](#building-locally)
- [GitLab User or Group Pages](#gitlab-user-or-group-pages)
- [Did you fork this project?](#did-you-fork-this-project)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

## GitLab CI

This project's static Pages are built by [GitLab CI][ci], following the steps
defined in [`.gitlab-ci.yml`](.gitlab-ci.yml):

```
image: python:3.5

pages:
  stage: 
    build
  script:
    - apt-get update && apt-get install locales-all
    - pip install "nikola[extras]"
    - nikola build
  artifacts:
    paths:
      - public
```

This tells the runner to use Python 3.5, install the `locales-all` package and  install Nikola.

Optional ones are included by using the `[extra]` flag, such as Markdown and Jinja2 (instead of just installing Docutils and Maco). You can drop the `[extras]` part and install optional features by hand if you need them instead. This is documented in [Nikola's getting started guide.](https://getnikola.com/getting-started.html)

## Building locally

To work locally with this project, you'll have to follow the steps below:

1. Fork, clone or download this project
1. [Install][] Nikola
1. Generate the website: `nikola build`
1. Preview your project: `nikola serve`
1. Add content

Read more at Nikola's [documentation][].

## GitLab User or Group Pages

To use this project as your user/group website, you will need one additional
step: just rename your project to `namespace.gitlab.io`, where `namespace` is
your `username` or `groupname`. This can be done by navigating to your
project's **Settings**.

Read more about [user/group Pages][userpages] and [project Pages][projpages].

## Did you fork this project?

If you forked this project for your own use, please go to your project's
**Settings** and remove the forking relationship, which won't be necessary
unless you want to contribute back to the upstream project.

## Troubleshooting

1. CSS is missing! That means two things:

    Either that you have wrongly set up the CSS URL in your templates, or
    your static generator has a configuration option that needs to be explicitly
    set in order to serve static assets under a relative URL.

[ci]: https://about.gitlab.com/gitlab-ci/
[nikola]: https://getnikola.com/
[install]: https://getnikola.com/getting-started.html
[documentation]: https://getnikola.com/documentation.html
[userpages]: http://doc.gitlab.com/ee/pages/README.html#user-or-group-pages
[projpages]: http://doc.gitlab.com/ee/pages/README.html#project-pages
